Add Stackdriver Exporter for Opencensus (#492)
GoogleCloudPlatform/agones: site/content/en/docs/Guides/metrics.md

### Stackdriver

> We support the [OpenCensus Stackdriver exporter](https://opencensus.io/exporters/supported-exporters/go/stackdriver/). 

Reviewer: You get to play with our new documentation tools! We have "shortcodes" which you can wrap content in, to hide and show previous versions. See: https://agones.dev/site/docs/contribute/ for details.

TL;DR -

The old version should we wrapped in:

```
{{% feature expiryVersion="0.8.0" %}}
We don't yet support the OpenCensus Stackdriver exporter...
{{\% /feature %}}
```

And the new documentation should be wrapped in:
```
{{% feature publishVersion="0.8.0" %}}
We support the OpenCensus Stackdriver exporter...
{{\% /feature %}}
```

The tooling will show/hide each section appropriately as we release new versions.

> Makefile targets `make grafana-portforward`,`make kind-grafana-portforward` and `make minikube-grafana-portforward`.

### Stackdriver installation

> In order to use [Stackdriver monitoring](https://app.google.stackdriver.com) you should enable Stackdriver Monitoring API on Google Cloud Console. You need to grant all the necessary permissions to the users (see [Access Control Guide](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/access-control)). Stackdriver exporter uses a strategy called Application Default Credentials (ADC) to find your application's credentials. Details could be found here [Setting Up Authentication for Server to Server Production Applications](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/production).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use [Stackdriver monitoring](https://app.google.stackdriver.com) you should [enable Stackdriver Monitoring API](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/enable-api) on Google Cloud Console. You need to grant all the necessary permissions to the users (see [Access Control Guide](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/access-control)). Stackdriver exporter uses a strategy called Application Default Credentials (ADC) to find your application's credentials. Details could be found here [Setting Up Authentication for Server to Server Production Applications](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/production).
```

Note that Stackdriver monitoring is enabled by default on GKE clusters, however you can follow this [guide](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/monitoring#enabling_stackdriver_monitoring) if it was disabled on your GKE cluster.

> Default metrics exporter is Prometheus. In order to change it to Stackdriver update following helm parameters in {{< ghlink href="/install/helm/agones/values.yaml" branch="master" >}}values file{{< /ghlink >}}:

Reviewer: @Kuqd is this the right way to tell people to do this?  Or should we be directing people to the command line arguments?

Reviewer 2: Helm users should know how set their values, I would give hint for that and not for modifying our own default values files.

Author: @markmandel I need to update this, but lets wait Cyril

> Makefile targets `make grafana-portforward`,`make kind-grafana-portforward` and `make minikube-grafana-portforward`.

{{% feature publishVersion="0.8.0" %}}
### Stackdriver installation

In order to use [Stackdriver monitoring](https://app.google.stackdriver.com) you should [enable Stackdriver Monitoring API](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/enable-api) on Google Cloud Console. You need to grant all the necessary permissions to the users (see [Access Control Guide](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/access-control)). Stackdriver exporter uses a strategy called Application Default Credentials (ADC) to find your application's credentials. Details could be found here [Setting Up Authentication for Server to Server Production Applications](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/production).

Note that Stackdriver monitoring is enabled by default on GKE clusters, however you can follow this [guide](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/monitoring#enabling_stackdriver_monitoring) if it was disabled on your GKE cluster.

> Default metrics exporter is Prometheus. In order to change it to Stackdriver upgrade Agones release using helm with next three chart parameters changed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default metrics exporter is Prometheus. In order to install or upgrade Agones to use Stackdriver, use the following chart parameters:
```

```

> helm upgrade --install --wait --set agones.metrics.stackdriverEnabled=true --set agones.metrics.prometheusEnabled=false --set agones.metrics.prometheusServiceDiscovery=false  agones ../install/helm/agones/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
helm install --name=my-release --namespace=agones-system --set agones.metrics.stackdriverEnabled=true --set agones.metrics.prometheusEnabled=false --set agones.metrics.prometheusServiceDiscovery=false  agones/agones
```

@Kuqd to confirm, but I think that is better?

Reviewer 2: yes but you need agones before the release name, also does that works without adding our repo ? I'm wondering if helm hub expose our chart in the default repository.

Reviewer: So:
```
helm upgrade --install --wait --set agones.metrics.stackdriverEnabled=true --set agones.metrics.prometheusEnabled=false --set agones.metrics.prometheusServiceDiscovery=false agones/agones my-release-name 
```
That's better?

Reviewer: Also, helm hub doesn't add anything to the default repo - it's lists the installation instructions as:
`helm repo add agones https://agones.dev/chart/stable`
